
Player races in the Forgotten Realms MUD:

Human: Most players will probably be human. They have no special advantages or
       disadvantages. Humans are the only race that has no guilds barred to 
       them.

Elf: Elves are a quick forest-dwelling race. They are more dextrous than humans,
     but are not as susceptible to pain. They are good at moving silently and
     somewhat better than humans with magic.

Half-elf: A halfblood human/elf.

Dwarf: Dwarves are a stout mountain-dwelling race. They are totally without 
       magical potential, but can be good clerics. Dwarves are much like the
       mountain they live in: Rock-steady and dour. They are generally quite
       good fighters.

Halfling: Halflings take their name from the fact that they are half as tall as
          humans. They are very dextrous and susceptible to pain, but are not
          very strong and world-wise.

Orc: Orcs are normally not considered to be a player race, but monsters. They
     are much the same way here: They are played as monster-players, meaning
     anyone who wants to kill them may try without fearing any punishment.
     Orcs are better at fighting than the other races. Many guild will refuse
     to train orcs due to their vile nature.

Half-orcs: A halfblood human/orc. Half-orcs are not monster-players, but share
           some of the characteristics of orcs, meaning they are strong fighters
           but not very intelligent.
Duergar: Dark Dwarves. Evil inclined money grubbers. Tough warriors and worshippers of Grimbrand.

Drow: Dark Elves. Probably the definitively evil race in the realms. They have their own
dark guilds covering most of the bases and can join some of
teh undiscriminating surface guilds. The trick lies in living that
long, the underdark is a tough place, and the tunnels in and out
amongst the roughtest of areas.

Lizard-man: Standoffish and mysterious. Lizard-men are really only
known for their fighting ability. While not able to breathe 
underwater, they are far better swimmers than any other races and
have been seen in mid-ocean, swimming from island to island. A feat
which is beyond most other races.

