Final Realms Rules for Player Conduct

This list is not intended to cover every and all possibilities.
It is only a general outline of primarily common sense do's and
dont's.  The administration of FR Mud reserves the right to take
whatever actions deemed necessary to keep the game running in a 
smooth and efficient manner.


Player Killing:
There are no hard and fast rules governing player killing.  As soon
as you leave the Newbie area, you become a legitimate target.  There
is no "one-day" rule.  However, it is accepted standard that characters
under a day old should be left alone.  

While there are no PK rules, this does not automatically give free
license for a character to kill anyone they want, whenever they want.
If an FR Administrator feels a character's actions are detrimental to
the overall game, he or she will correct the situation at his or her
discretion.  Such corrections could include suspension or banishment.
Remember that all Pks are logged.  If you must PK, just remember this:
Pick on someone your own size...


Multi-Playing:
You may have more than one character on Final Realms.
However, they must be played as totally separate characters.

They must NEVER be logged on at the same time, and doing things
like having one of your characters dropping equipment or money
for the other to pick up later.  This will be considered cheating.

Also, having one character killing or wounding NPC's so the other
can complete a quest, earn XP, or the like, is also considered  
cheating.  Bad things will happen to the characters when discovered.



Sharing Characters:
Do not allow anyone other than yourself to have access to your
character.  If you no longer intend to use the character, use
the "retire" command.  If a character is suspected of being run
by more than one person, it can be removed or suspended.



Player Harrassment:
Harrassment of any kind towards a player or immortal of FR will not
be tolerated.  This applies to all forms of mud communication, including
board postings.  If you feel that you are being harrassed, contact
one of the game administrators as soon as possible, and the matter will
be dealt with.  Do not take it upon yourself to escalate the situation.
This only makes it more difficult to resolve.



Bug Abuse:
If it seems to be too good to be true, its probably a bug.  If you
exploit a problem or deficiency in a particular piece of
code, your character will be punished when discovered.
Don't risk losing lots of xp, cash, items, or even your character.
Report all bugs immediately.
Note: One good reason to report a bug rather than have an Admin find it is that
   if you report it they are usually fairly kind about how they fix them.  If
   the Admins have to find the bug because of widespread or frequent abuse they
   tend to be dealt with somewhat brutally. (like loss of buggy commands or
   spells).



Profanity and Other Forms of Abuse:
Profanity is not allowed on FR Mud over public channels.  This includes
tell and shout.  Violators will be punished.  Although not illegal for use
through "say", as the Admin do acknowledge that role playing does have
different sides, remember that there are always limits.


Also, do not launch personal attacks or accusations against other
players or immortals.   If you are unhappy about something, do not
voice your opinions in a rude or hostile manner.  This will be taken
as harassment and will be dealt with accordingly.  Notify an 
administrator of the problem and we will do what we can to resolve
the issue.



Instructions from FR Administrators:
If you are given an instruction from an FR Administrator, do it then,
and do it without question.   Arguments or failure to comply with these
instructions will result in some form of punishment for your character.
Even though you may not agree with the instruction or believe it is unfair,
do it anyway.  You can contact the other administrators later with a 
complaint or appeal.

   Administrators can be defined as Thanes, Demi-Gods, and the God Baldrick.
Thanes are limited Administrators in so far as Mortals (Players) are concerned.
A Thane has Administrative power to players _only_ when no other higher level
of Administrator is present.  Otherwise the definition of Administrator is 
Demi-God or God.  You may see exception to this, the basic rule of thumb still 
would apply however, do what the Administrator says regardless of what you 
believe and appeal or complain later.
