The following properties are reserved for the following uses.

"air"    resistance to "air" based spells
"cold"   resistance to "cold" based spells
"fire"   resistance to "fire" based spells
"acid" resistance to "acid" based spells
"electrical"    "" obvious
"magical"    "" general magic (inc healing spells).
"poison"   poison resistance
"stone"  "stone" spells, flesh to stone etc.
"missile" resistance to normal missiles, rocks arrows etc.
"good"     as in "protection from good"
"evil"      as in "protection from evil"
"psionic" Resistance to psoinic attacks, fear etc.
"nosteal"   The item cannot be stolen.
"steal at will" On a player/npc no saves against steal.

"undead"   On an NPC determines the "level" of the undead, 100 is un-turnable
"passed out"   Unconciousness. Used by stun spells. 
"inaudible"   masks early chanting messages in spells
"no_undead"   no undead should appear in this room
"NO_BUDGE"    The NPC should not be affected by spells that would make it leave it's post
"nocast"   No spell casting in this room
"noguild"   No guild commands in this room
"noregen"    No healing in the room, or "" if on a player
"no_steal"   Item can't be stolen
"sense-life" Immunity to sneak attacks
"fear" The minimum wimpy can be set to. (usually a spell effect)

On ITEMS. Note: Some of this hasn't been implemented yet. But should be soon

"cursed"   Items only. Curses them. 1-100, 100 is not removable by mortals.
           Note: Cursed items cannot be unwielded/unworn/dropped/sold etc.
   NOTE: add_property("cursed",({"Message to player","message to room"}) behaves liek "cursed",1 with custom messages.

TIMED ONLY
"str"    alters tmp_str() when equipped
"dex"   alters tmp_dex() when equipped
"wis"   alters tmp_wis()
"int"   alters tmp_int()
"con"   alters tmp_con()
"cha"   alters tmp_cha()

The next two MUST have demigod approval for use.
"thac0" alters wearer/wielders thac0
"a.c." alters wearer/wielders a.c.
       Note: Lower a.c. is better. Higher thac0 is better.
         Use these excessively and we'll just limit the max change.


"guild"   property is a guild name. Item only wearable by that guild.
"sig"    Item can only be worn by a member of this special interest group
"race"   can only be worn by a member of this race
"clan"   can only be worn by a member of this race_group()
"messon"  property is a string, echo'd when item is equipped
"player" value is a name or list of names of players who can use item
"messoff"  property is a string, echo'd when item is unequipped
"property"  wearer MUST have this property to be able to equip 
            (quest items etc) 
NOTE: The above properties can be either one string i.e. "dwarf"
     or a list of names as in ({"dwarf","duergar"}).


"mirror"   on items. Thing is a mirror, reflectivity 0-100%
