Guilds

Guilds exist to add depth to the game. You have the burly, fighter type guilds
which exist solely so that their members are the best people on the entire MUD
at going "Ugh!". Then you have the frail wizard type guilds who specialise in
taking a small amount of magic and turning it into the swift demise of an
opponent. Then there's the cleric (priest) who uses his magical prowess for
healing and protection spells.  We also have the thief who's good at picking
locks, disarming traps and backstabbing.  More guilds may be added as time go
past.

The way the guilds aid you is in cheap advancement of skills.  For information
on how skills work read the skills concept information.  Guilds provide cheap
training in skills that are appropriate for that guild.  For example, a fighter
can get cheap training in all fighting skills.  Guilds are also stingy about
providing training in non appropriate skills.  And if they do provide training
they do not allow you to train very far in skills.  In fact, they are so
stingy that through some form of magic, not quite understood, but very powerful
indeed, if you change guild and your skill in magic is 50 because you were a
very powerful wizard previously, but now want to be a fighter, your skill in
magic will appear to be 5 or so.  Because everybody knows fighters don't know
anything about magic.  So even if you do, you forget.  Should you go back to
the wizards guild, all will be restored.  Your memories of magic will come back
as though they had never gone away.

You will find that to form a successful party, you will need members from
various guilds.  A fighter for maintaining weapons and armour and splatting
little monsters.  Oh and drinking copious quantities of alcohol.  You then
have the wizards who exist for doing lots of damage and providing the party with
useful spells.  You have a cleric for healing, and protection spells.  You can
take a thief with you to help you with the damn locks and spying.  There is a
witches guild whose members can do very interesting things to monsters through
the use of the occult.

The guilds exist to make the mud more fun.  They make your character more
individual.  If you feel your guild is hard done by because another is clearly
superior, tell the administrators so something can be done.  Don't just join
the better guild.  A mud filled with members of a single guild would be a boring
place to visit.

You can wander around as a non member of a guild until 5th level.  At
5th skill level you cannot advance any further until you join one or
another of the guilds.  This allows you to get a feel for the game and
ask around before you make a decision on a guild that you may be unhappy
with.

Working Guilds:
  Fighter, Cleric, Priest.

Unfinished Guilds:
  Wizard, Druid, Assassin, Thief, Witch.

Proposed Guilds:
  Ranger, Merchant, Diplomat, Paladin, Psionicist.
