Races of Magisk Jord
''''''''''''''''''''

Dwarves (Mountain, Devar or Dark, and City) -
They are a short, but stout humanoid race, they prefer dark
caves and love to work with stone.  Even though shorter than
humans, they are known for their above-average strength.
They have fierce pride, and do not enjoy the idea of running
from a fight.

Elves (Noble, Drow or Dark, and Wild)
They are a proud and noble race, they are often refered to as
snobs by the rest of the races; However, this is due to the
fact that they seem to show more interest in the fine-arts
than the rest.  With a slender nature they are only slightly
shorter than humans, but they are known for their fierceness
and ability in combat situations.  They are a very formal
race, and have a strict racial code.

Gnome (Surface and Deep or Dark)
This is a very secretive and annoying race.  They are shorter
than dwarves, and are the smallest of the races.  They are
little "hobbit" like creatures, that have high IQ's and are
very quick because of their small nature.  They are not very
effective in face to face combat, but have the intellegence
and speed to make them just as deadly to a foe.  They are
strange acting creatures, with little honor..

Halfling (City, Common, and Devil or Dark)
This is a cheerful and usually innocent race.  They are
shunned by the rest of the races because they can be very
annoying and destructive without knowing it.  A halfling is
just a few inches taller than a dwarf, yet small boned and
very quick.  Human females find halflings "cute", while the
males commonly refer to them as "brats".  They are a cheerful
race that do not understand fear.  They are known for a
unquenchable curiosity, that is the main reason they cause so
much trouble.  They can be effective in combat with small
weapons, and a quick wit.

Human (Pure, half-elf, half-orc)
This race is the largest of races.  They are what supposedly
all other races spawned from, however the elves and dwarves
claim to be the oldest race and halflings claim that all
other races were at once halflings that were polymorphed by
the "powerful" wizard Gurglesnatch. *smile*

 