Rough plans for the Newbie Orc Area...Hitherto known as The Tower Grishnath.

Located in the scenic Mithril Mountains, the Tower of Grishnath is hoped to
be a wonderful spot for the death, and possible advancement of Newbie
adventurers....

Enough of the bull...here's the deal...It's a tower situated on a mountain.
It's gotta have lots of nasty orcs, a spider or two, a couple good weapons to
fend 'em off, and a leader of the nasties.  The leader might as well be an
orc, and thus have the stereotypical Orc_slayer quest.  Well, not stereotypical

The map I made is very basic, and any improvements/additions are most welcome.
The map is also incomplete...there's going to be two more levels on the top,
hence a tower, and a level or two below...A dungeon.  Just moving around the
place should be a quest unto itself.  Certain keys to unlock doors should be
hidden, or protected by orcs.  Trap doors, and secret exits/entrances would
be very cool.  Also, using a rope to get down certain more advanced areas I
think would make the area be more appealing, once the newbies aquire the skill.

'I've already started filling out the descrips of the areas.  The room 
orc41.c is a pretty good example of how detailed everything should be.  If
you want to make seperate objects for parts of refuse, or other worthless (or
not so worthless) items, more power to you.

Here's a list of some things that should be in the rooms.  I'll list em by
Number...

rooms orc40 - orc30 there should be increasingly nasty descriptions of the
tower.  Also, there should be something in the way of saying there's a fell,
red light coming out of the topmost pinacle of the tower.  This is a roving
light which the orcs use to spot their enemies.

room orc26    A secret passage is here that leads (underground) to the
		dungeons.  It should be guarded, but not so heavily as the
		main entrance.  Also, the passage does not end at room orc08,
		but the room under it, as there's a staircase going down in
		that room.
		How the secret passage is to be concealed, I haven't given 
		thought to.  Perhaps a hollow stump with ladder rungs, or 
		a thorny bush that conceals it and can be pushed aside.

rooms orc31 - 23  This is a winding staircase cut into the face of the
		mountain.  It should be wide and get narrower as the climb
		to the tower progresses.  It would be very cool to have a 
		couple of orcs wandering on these stairs.  I think making
		the orcs move, and set_zone()ing the stairs would do the trick.

room orc21	This is a landing, and just before the entrance to the tower.
		it should be littered with several rotting corpses, and 
		generally nasty, but with no guards...why?  Well..cos...

room orc19     Has "The Guardian."  I haven't given thought to this either...
		But a Tolkien-like "Silent Watcher" type creature will serve.
		Basically, we could have the player speak a password to get
		stairway)  The password should change every reset.

rooms orc02 - orc17     Should all be standard castle-type rooms, except
		They should all be dark.  Orcs as a rule do not love light
		and in the refuse somewhere along the way, a couple torches
		should be available.  Maybe a treasure room (guarded, and
		without much booty) should be in here.  No kitchen will be
		needed, since orccs tend to feed on themselves, or their
		prey.

room orc01		A stairway going up to the next level should be here.

room orc08		A Stairway going down should be in here.

That's about it.  If you wanna put in dead-ends, or fill it out more in any
way, well, I'm not an expert, so by all means do so!  If you think this area
is total shit, well, we're open to suggestions.  This is the only thing put
forth so far though, so this is what we're working with currently.

Thanks for playing,
Benedick.
		through.  (The password will be carried on an orc on the 
